README.md, before:

# CreateTask

## A Unity project showcasing a basic, 2D, single player platforming game, using scripts and some animation.

This project is an assignment completed for the Wanic Video Game Programming Year One course. Scripts, sprites, and other assets are a combination of independently made by myself, or provided 
by my instructor. The objects that primarily make up this game and allow it to function include:

* A single player object using a slime-square sprite (Custom and instructor-provided)
* Collectible coins that are tracked through a current and highscore (Instructor-provided)
* Falling objects with spike sprites (Custom)
* A tilemap to act as the ground (Custom)
* Mario-style camera utilizing CinemachineBrain and some scripting (Custom)

## User Installation Guide

1. Clone this repository by clicking on "Code", copying the URL to your clipboard, then going to your GitHub Desktop app, clicking "Add", "Clone Repository", "URL", pasting the URL into the first field, and choose where the repository should be stored on your device for the second field. Click "Clone". You should see a folder called "CreateTask" in whatever place you chose for the second field.
3. Open the Unity Hub app and select "Add project from disk" under "Add"
4. Go to the GitHub folder you just downloaded, and find the folder containing all of the Unity assets. 
5. Click on that folder. The project should now appear on your list of project in the UnityHub app. 

Click the project to open it.

Commit message:

Edited README by adding prerequisites and clearer instructions

README.md, after:

# CreateTask

## A Unity project showcasing a basic, 2D, single player platforming game, using scripts and some animation.

This project is an assignment completed for the Wanic Video Game Programming Year One course. Scripts, sprites, and other assets are a combination of independently made by myself, or provided 
by my instructor. The objects that primarily make up this game and allow it to function include:

* A single player object using a slime-square sprite (Custom and instructor-provided)
* Collectible coins that are tracked through a current and highscore (Instructor-provided)
* Falling objects with spike sprites (Custom)
* A tilemap to act as the ground (Custom)
* Mario-style camera utilizing CinemachineBrain and some scripting (Custom)

## User Installation Guide

### Prerequisites

1. Unity Hub
2. Unity ver. 2022.3.6f1 or newer (make sure the version you download is compatible with your OS)
3. GitHub Desktop

### Installation

1. Clone this repository by clicking on "Code", copying the URL to your clipboard, then going to your GitHub Desktop app, clicking "Add", "Clone Repository", "URL", pasting the URL into the first field, and choosing where the repository should be stored on your device for the second field. Click "Clone". You should see a folder called "CreateTask" in whatever place you chose for the second field.
3. Open the Unity Hub app and click "Add project from disk" under "Add".
4. Go to the GitHub folder you just cloned, and find the folder containing all of the Unity assets. 
5. Click on that folder. The project should now appear on your list of projects in the Unity Hub app.

### Running the Project

Click the project to open it. Click "Play", located at the top of the Unity project.
